chore(jira): Document issue with fetching priorities (#8403)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/issue-tracking/jira/index.mdx

We don’t support custom required fields for the Jira integration. The only required fields we support are the ones that are pre-populated by us. If possible, you can edit your required fields in Jira, or as a workaround, you can create a ticket in Jira first and then link it in Sentry.

### Issue Alert not Creating Jira Issues

> If your project configuration contains the "Priority" field, the dropdown will show every priority from all projects. Please ensure your alert's saved priority is available on your chosen project.

Reviewer: It sounds like the problem is that the user selected a priority option that doesn't exist on this project. If so, can we say that directly?

```suggestion
This problem occurs when you've selected a priority option for the alert that doesn't exist for the given project. If your project configuration contains the "Priority" field, the dropdown will show every priority from **all** projects. Ensure your alert's saved priority is available on your chosen project.
```
